Project Goals
-------------

What is the goal of your project?

Think about what you are going to try to accomplish with your project.

How would you measure its success or failure?

Now put yourself in your potential mentor's shoes.  If you were the
mentor for this project, what would make you consider the project to be
a success?  What features must be there?  What functionality must it
have?

Describe your project in more detail.

A goal is an end result.  A project has a path that leads us to that end
result, and should have a few milestones along the way, to help us mark
our progress and gain satisfaction from accomplishment.  Write this out,
in your own words.  It will help you to better understand what you are
proposing to spend 3 months working on.

Interfaces
----------

What parts of Git will you need to call?

There is already a lot of code that makes up the Git project.  It is
very unlikely that your project will stand on its own and not make use
of any existing code.  Describe the existing parts of Git that your
project will be able to call, reuse and benefit from.

What parts of Git might you need to change?

For the same reasons as the last question, there are probably some parts
of Git that you would want to modify to implement your project.  This
could be an existing shell script, an existing header file, etc.  Or it
might just be a new entry in the Makefile if you are adding a completely
new command.  This list does not need to be set in stone; it will most
certainly evolve as you learn more about your project and how it will
interact with Git.  But it is a good to have a basic idea of what you
will need to do.

About You
---------

Can you list some prior projects that you have worked on?

These don't need to be Git (or even open source) related.  We'd love to
know what your background is!  What projects did you work on?  What
language(s) and tools were used?  How many people were involved?  What
were the primary means of communication within the project?  If you have
a CV or resume online, please feel free to include a link.

Do you have any prior Git experience?  Have you started to get involved?

If you have previously submitted a bug report or a patch to our mailing
list, or even just chatted with someone on #git, please include
references when possible.  Links to mailing list archives (such as
gmane) when available would be great.
